Design/target custom resources (#3449)
external-secrets/external-secrets: design/010-sync-to-custom-resource.md

## Proposal

To simplify the workflow and enhance user experience, the proposal is to integrate a functionality to template the whole manifest. this would be additional logic to the existing `target: Manifest` directly into the `templateFrom.[].target` resource. This will allow users to specify a template to render any type of manifest, instead of the original Secret object.

Problems with this proposal is that the whole reconciliation logic reads from a secret - this would need to be updated if templates using Manifests are set. In that case, we should query for that specific resource as specified on the target.

```yaml
apiVersion: external-secrets.io/v1beta1
kind: ExternalSecret
spec:
  target:
    name: target-custom-resource
    manifest: # Information as to find it afterwards during reconcile cycle
      APIVersion: my.custom.api/v1alpha1
      Kind: CustomResource
    template:
      templateFrom:

>       - target: Spec #Additional target at root level (instead of data, metadata and annotations level).

Reviewer: Not sure if we should start a naming discussion here or in the first PR, this is probably the hard part :smile: 
If the target is the root level of a YAML tree, then why not call it `target: Root` or `target: Manifest` ?
`Spec` implies that it is at the `.spec` level. If we follow the the pattern as in `Data`, `Labels` or `Annotations` this is misleading.

Author: I originally thought about only having this type of `target` and dump `target.manifest` bits. (and then, template everything).

The problem that I have with this is that it would be hard (if not impossible) to figure out which CR to fetch, + what is the resource name (if it is templated, a change in the secret also means we would need to do cleanup with no information on the name of the resource (complexity increases exponentially😵 💫 )). So to avoid users tampering with `apiVersion`, `Kind`, and `metadata.name`, my thought was to limit it to `Spec` - jsut because AFAIK `spec`, `metadata.annotations`, `metadata.labels` and `data` are the most common cases to template a manifest from. TBH, I'm not even sure there are others.

Having said that, for me `gjson`-like syntax might be better specially with `creationPolicy=merge` where we template only e.g. `spec.aCertOnThisPath.privateKey`

      # Other option would be to allow a gjson path such as target:'.spec' where . is the indicator of this type of expression for backwards compatibility.
        literal: |
            customSpecField1: {{ .fromSecretStore }}
            field2:
              couldBeNested:
              - {{ .fromSecretStore }}
          ## Name: is obtained from spec.target.name
---
apiVersion: external-secrets.io/v1beta1
kind: ExternalSecret
spec:
  target:
    name: target-configmap
    manifest: # Information as to find it afterwards during reconcile cycle
      APIVersion: v1

>       Kind: ConfigMap

Reviewer 2: Allowing this opens the door for a lot of use cases in platform engineering beyond GitOps, but also the ability to use ESO to configure the CNCF Backstage configMap when running on Kubernetes.

## Acceptance Criteria

* behavior:
  * Reconciliation logic should not change when `target!= Secret`
  * `creationPolicy`, `updatePolicy`, and `deletionPolicy` must be compatible when `target != Secret`
  * One of the two must be implemented:
    * a feature flag `--unsafe-allow-non-secret-targets` must be set to allow this feature. If not set, `template.manifest` should cause error to the reconciliation.
    * Feature is always eniabled - but Warnings must be emited whenever `target.manifest` is used pointing to the use of sensitive information on open manifests.
      * Warnings should be disabled with feature flags
* deployment:
  * Extra RBAC options must be available on helm values (to allow the usage of this feature)
  * Helm values must allow the installation of this new feature (setting up the appropriate feature flags, etc)
* tests: 
  * controller unit tests for `target.manifest` behavior and `target.template.target` behavior
  * controller regression tests for `target.manifest` and `target.template.target` focused on different `creationPolicy` and `deletionPolicy`

>   * e2e test for `target.manifest` targetting a ConfigMap (first class support for ArgoCD and Flux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * e2e test for `target.manifest` targeting a ConfigMap (first class support for ArgoCD and Flux)
  * e2e test for `target.manifest` targeting a custom resource
```
